The next thing that we're
gonna work on here is inputs.
We wanna make these look
like not hot garbage.
So low bar here [LAUGH].
Luckily, Tailwind CSS does have a bunch
of kinda pre made form stuff for
you that you can just use because
kind of a solved problem, right?
It's not very fun styling forms.
I don't know about you,
but I've styled hundreds,
thousands, let's go with
thousands of inputs in my career.
So first thing we're gonna
install into the library here,
stop your server say npm install- D,
and we're gonna do @tailwind
Css/forms@0.4.0
Okay, this is gonna give
us a tailwind plugin.
So you can run your server again if you
want, actually not, leave it for a second.
Go over to your tailwind config .js and
then here in plugins,
we're just gonna add one little
thing here, I'm gonna say require,
@tailwindcss/forms.
Okay, now this will include
a bunch of stuff for
us that'll take care of a lot
of our form styling for us.
So now if you say npm run dev,
get our server up and
running again and refresh our page here.
Note, it still doesn't look great, but
notice that this ended up looking a little
bit closer to looking nice, right?
So we're getting there.
So it just has a bunch of default styles,
but we can make this look a lot nicer.
So first thing kind of wisely they do for
their CSS here is they just
don't style input texts, unless you put
the style or type equals text on it.
So good, head back over to search params.
And here on this input here,
notice we don't have a type on here,
which implicitly makes
it a type equals text.
They want you to explicitly go in here and
say type equals text.
So now if you go back over here,
notice that now it looks nice, right?
They're just trying to
make you be explicit.
And they don't want their CSS selectors to
be overly greedy cuz none of us
have done that before, right?
Some guilty looks on people's faces.
Okay, so to each of the inputs and
selects here,
let's just go ahead and
add kind of the same thing here.
We're gonna say, className=,
and then we're gonna add W60,
which is with 15,
remember about 40 pixels.
Margin bottom five and block.
Okay, and then I want you to take an add
that, just you can copy and paste and
put it on all the selects as well.
Order is not important here.
Okay?
So now if we go back over to here,
starting to look significantly better,
right?
The block, put it on a different line
from this, that made it look better.
We have a nice uniform width now,
that helps,
some nice spacing with some
margin bottom on that.
And, yeah, again it's hard not to find it
impressive, we just did a little bit and
we ended up with something fairly
nice on the other side of that.
Okay, and this one right now,
if we put this to blank,
technically this is disabled at
the moment, but it doesn't look disabled.
So we now we need to go and add a disabled
opacity to that breed selector.
So head back over to breed.
This one is theme,
we need to go up to breed.
So this is breed,
we need to add one more here that's
gonna be disabled, colon,
let's do opacity 50.
So when it's disabled, it's just
gonna make it see through partially.
Now you can see this looks grayed out,
right?
It makes it look disabled and
as soon as we put in bird or
something like that,
now it's re-enabled again.
Now one thing you might
be catching on to here,
it's a lot of repeating yourself, right?
As opposed to putting one class name
that applies itself multiple times,
there's ways to mitigate that
entails tailwind CSS test.
You can easily do that with react and I
can have a select component that I use and
then just apply that
to the site component,
that's probably what I would do.
But there's other more advanced ways of
using Tailwind we can kind of make your
own kind of classes of
Tailwind components.
I'm gonna leave that to the tailwind
class whenever that gets tied on for
the Masters.
I don't really wanna
get too much into that.
I'm kinda just trying to
get you introduced here.
Okay, let's go, obviously our
button is not great at the moment.
I don't know,
maybe you like that [LAUGH], I don't.
So let's go add a little
bit of style to that.
Okay, I'm just gonna put it here
cuz I know prettier will fix it.
Rounded, obviously rounded buttons,
everyone likes that.
Px-6, so this is padding in the left
right direction of 6, py-2.
So padding in the up
down direction have 2.
I don't know, I have to color here.
Text-white hover, opacity 50,
so that the button looks clickable.
And let's do border none.
See what that looks like?
That looks like a respectable button.